readme.md, before:

# GAP Species Information Builder

This repository contains code for working with the GAP Species Models (or Habitat Maps). Notebooks and scripts here deal with issues in the catalog for these resources in ScienceBase and handle interactions with the Taxonomic Information Registry. Some of the scripts are one-time processes used to address issues and others will be fed into automated back-end algorithms for keeping everything up to date and usable.

## Provisional Software Disclaimer
Under USGS Software Release Policy, the software codes here are considered preliminary, not released officially, and posted to this repo for informal sharing among colleagues.

This software is preliminary or provisional and is subject to revision. It is being provided to meet the need for timely best science. The software has not received final approval by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). No warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the USGS or the U.S. Government as to the functionality of the software and related material nor shall the fact of release constitute any such warranty. The software is provided on the condition that neither the USGS nor the U.S. Government shall be held liable for any damages resulting from the authorized or unauthorized use of the software.

Commit message:

Major cleanup of crap
I had a whole bunch of code that was used to clean up and work out
issues with the GAP species presence in ScienceBase. I cleaned out a
bunch of cruft and will close out this branch in favor of new branches
picking up and addressing particular issues.

readme.md, after:

# GAP Species Information Builder

This repository contains code for working with the GAP Species Models (Habitat Maps) and Range Data/Maps. Notebooks and scripts here deal with issues in the catalog for these resources in ScienceBase and handle interactions with the Taxa Information Registry. Some of the scripts are one-time processes used to address issues and others will be fed into automated back-end algorithms for keeping everything up to date and usable. There are also a collection of text files of various kinds in this repo that were used in the iterative process of getting the information in ScienceBase, that we consider to be the master source, all in place.

## Provisional Software Disclaimer
Under USGS Software Release Policy, the software codes here are considered preliminary, not released officially, and posted to this repo for informal sharing among colleagues.

This software is preliminary or provisional and is subject to revision. It is being provided to meet the need for timely best science. The software has not received final approval by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). No warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the USGS or the U.S. Government as to the functionality of the software and related material nor shall the fact of release constitute any such warranty. The software is provided on the condition that neither the USGS nor the U.S. Government shall be held liable for any damages resulting from the authorized or unauthorized use of the software.
